Updating INSTALL.md for WSL installs (#1265)
pret/pokeplatinum: INSTALL.md

### Windows Subsystem for Linux

It's recommended to use [WSL2](#windows-wsl2) rather than WSL1 as your development environment as
future support for WSL1 from major parties is looking dubious. If you still want to use it, go

> [here](#windows-wsl1).

Reviewer: **style**: I don't think we need to make the comment about WSL1's dubious future.

```suggestion
It's recommended to use [WSL2](#windows-wsl2) rather than WSL1 as your development environment. If you still want to use it, go [here](#windows-wsl1).
```

#### Windows WSL2

These instructions will enable you to build pokeplatinum using the more up-to-date WSL2 and
develop on it with VSCode on Windows while it is stored in the Linux filesystem.

> 1. Open powershell terminal as administrator. Yes, even if you're the admin already.

Reviewer: **suggestion**: Clarify how to open as administrator:

```suggestion
1. Open Powershell as administrator by right-clicking and ...
```

2. Install a new distro:
    ```bash
    wsl --install -d Ubuntu
    ```
    If this is your first time installing a WSL distro, your computer would have to set up some stuff
    to make it work and prompt you to restart once finished. Allow your computer to restart.

>     On reboot, open powershell again.

Reviewer: **suggestion**: Be a bit more formal for clarity:

```suggestion
    If this is your first time installing a WSL distro, then your computer will prompt
    you to restart once finished. Do so, then open Powershell as administrator again.
```

    ```bash
    wsl --set-version Ubuntu 2
    ```

4. Once the new distro is set up, enter it:
    ```bash
    wsl -d Ubuntu
    ```

5. Right now, you'll probably see your file system begin with `/mnt/c/`. That's the Windows file system.
    Go to the Linux filesystem:
    ```bash
    cd ~
    ```

6. Install the pokeplatinum dependencies:
    ```bash
    sudo dpkg --add-architecture i386 && sudo apt update
    sudo apt install bison flex g++ gcc-arm-none-eabi git make ninja-build pkg-config wget python3 xz-utils nasm libc6:i386 libpng-dev
    ```

7. Once that is done successfully, go to [Downloading the Repository](#2-downloading-the-repository) and continue from there.

##### Developing in WSL2 from Windows

With VSCode, you can modify files stored in Linux just like modifying files stored in Windows.

1. Open VSCode in Windows (assuming you have downloaded it already). Go to extensions and find the WSL extension. Install it and make sure it's enabled.

2. Back to your powershell terminal where you're running WSL2, run this command in the pokeplatinum directory to open it in VSCode on Windows:
    ```bash
    code .
    ```

>     The first time using it will download some VSCode for Linux stuff. Let it work its magic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The first-time setup should automatically download the necessary extensions to
    develop against the Linux filesystem.
```

### Windows Subsystem for Linux

It's recommended to use [WSL2](#windows-wsl2) rather than WSL1 as your development environment. 
If you still want to use WSL1, go [here](#windows-wsl1).

#### Windows WSL2

These instructions will enable you to build pokeplatinum using the more up-to-date WSL2 and
develop on it with VSCode on Windows while it is stored in the Linux filesystem.

1. Open the Windows PowerShell terminal as administrator by right-clicking on it and selecting `Run as administrator`. 

>    Yes, even if you're the admin already.

Reviewer: **suggestion**: Remove the second sentence.

```suggestion
1. Open the Windows PowerShell terminal as administrator by right-clicking on it and selecting `Run as administrator`.
```

Author: That sentence was added since it would be reasonable to think that an admin account on Windows would be given admin permissions for certain PowerShell commands. It's not the case.

Reviewer: Can we make it more formal, then? It feels a bit informal / snarky on first blush, at least to me.

To build the ROM, run:

```bash
make -j 8
```
This will build pokeplatinum using 8 CPU cores in your computer. You may want more or less depending on
hardware or user preference. `nproc` will show you how many CPU cores your computer has which matches how
many jobs it can do at once. More (if your computer has the cores) is generally faster but hogs more cores

> meaning your computer is slower at performing other tasks while the command runs.

Reviewer: **issue**: Revert this change; it is erroneous. `make -j` has no tangible effect on `pokeplatinum`. `ninja` (the backing build system generated by `meson`) automatically parallelizes the build.
